Violet: Greetings from the violet capsule
I'm taking the reins now, and
I want to say that our small community
has reached the next stage
We have registered 3 marriages
We also have children in the plan because indeed, the next generation is important to us
Silver: Oh, congratulations!
Violet: Exactly! There are children in the plan as well,
because really, the next generation is important to us
I also recommend that others think
and maybe choose partners for themselves
Otherwise, other women won't sit idle
Women have a home economics circle, men have national defense
So, everyone is busy with work
How are you doing?
Silver: We're doing very well here
Everyone here is still cheerful and optimistic
like piglets, but I didn't want to talk about that
I just wanted to say that I've been thinking here
Others don't know yet; I've been thinking myself
With these long winters ahead
there are a lot coming
a lot coming, believe me
and there will be, trust me
energy, a fair bit of energy,
even oxygen, food supplies, everything will be used
How can we increase sustainability?
The idea seems a bit utopian
but we all used to think that
there was no such thing as a mobile phone,
But look, there is! And people are going to space
Did someone fall there? No one fell
Violet: That was your idea
Silver: No, my train of thought isn't broken
Violet: It's quite visible, you're like a spindle
I wanted to say now that
I've been thinking and I'll also tell others,
that if we now conserve this energy
Why couldn't we, like hedgehogs and bears,
for example, meditate, not with those
Eastern practices, but with those
Northern practices
such as shamanistic, witchcraft
And by the way, we have 11 people
who have brought hallucinogenic mushrooms
They sensed that something was coming
Estonians are indeed a mushroom people, actually
Violet: You should teach them about edible mushrooms
Silver: Girl! Give things time to settle
Listen further, if we were to meditate
Miss in pink, hide
If we were to meditate in mid-November
like bears and hedgehogs, put ourselves to sleep, hibernation
Hibernation... and then we sleep
We sleep through this cold period
We don't waste electricity, and we don't eat either
and don't wash, nothing goes
We wake up around mid-March
We clear away the moss,
brush our teeth,
a belly that's been tied up, loosen it
with fresh berries
and then we head to the field
And believe me!
After we've slept and rested for a long time
we can work continuously for several weeks
there, sow and plow and do all the work
Violet: Your speech makes me see that
one guy has already fallen asleep
Silver: And some do fall asleep
It's the big ideas that move us forward
Violet: Very exciting, Limes!
Do you have something equally exciting to offer?
Lime: Hello, this is the Lime capsule
No, seriously, your mouth will drop open
that silver talk was very confusing
Silver: The youngster can't understand it; it
requires a bit of thinking and action
Lime: Yes, you have to think
But I just wanted to say, don't completely lose yourselves there
and keep holding on till the end
Silver: That's what helps you endure till the end
Lime: Well, let's hope, let's hope
Lime: And to the Violets, I'd like to emphasize,
that if you multiply massively there
Where will you eventually fit?
Think about it; resources are limited
Violet: We have everything scheduled
Lime: Ohh, at least some kind of solution
It's all made up, thank God!
Anyway, here in the lime capsule
everything is going very well for us.
We have once again brainstormed here,
taken another step closer
toward a brighter future, but not only that.
Honestly, we had a very nice style party here last week.
We had a great time.
Several people had taken with them
hallucinogenic mushrooms
We brewed a pleasant tea, and everyone
got to indulge, and that's when the party began.
Everyone was dressed as jungle plants.
They danced until early morning.
The guys were running the eco-cocktail bar
until the morning hours, discussing
important world matters.
So, life is in full swing here.
And one more thing we started is
our garden project, which I definitely want to
introduce to you.
Some people brought along
seeds and nuts.
What did we do? We dug up the soil,
planted seeds, and look, the first plants
are already poking their heads out of the ground.
What can I say, life is thriving here.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Silver: I hope it's still
carrots, beets, and parsley you planted,
not some jungle mess again.
Turquoise: Oh my gods, Silver.
Violet: But Turquoises, how are you doing?
Turquoise: This time, it took a while,
as usual, you know, when will I get a chance to speak?
Silver's talk went on forever, but
everything's okay, man.
Silver: Listen...
Turquoise: Alright, thank you, it's my turn.
Listen up, shall we?
We, here in the Turquoise capsule,
have been brainstorming to the max
over the last three months.
And together, we've realized
that the future lies in technology.
Based on that, we're all working together
to develop our very own virtual reality
world, the Vivaverse.
You see, this allows us here in the capsule
to live entirely according to our imagination.
No need for any mushrooms.
Actually, I wanted to offer you a sneak peek today
let's be honest - using screens for chatting -
that's a bit 2018.
So, let's take our video calls to Vivaverse.
We could all create cute avatars
according to our self-identity wishes.
We could meet as if in real life.
Honesty: Well, meeting in real life is
meeting in real life, cute avatars...
Lime: Hey, girl, that's totally
absurd, but we'll think about it.
Violet: Really, thank you all, we'll think
about Viva Las Vegas or whatever it was.
Turquoise: VIVAVERSE, virtual reality.
Silver: For Estonians, the winter sleep
is virtual reality, winter sleep.
Turquoise: You guys are just stuck in the past.
And that's it?